Adds docs/CONTRIBUTING.md (#18)
Midnight-Cafe/lacus: docs/CONTRIBUTING.md

> # Contributing to "project"
> 
> The main purpose of this project is "objective"

Reviewer: Let's replace these with
```suggestion
# Contributing to Lacus

The main purpose of this project is to develop a moderation and general purpose Discord bot.
```
I'm iffy about the objective atm, but I'm open to any other ideas.

## Summary

* [Code of Conduct](#code-of-conduct)
* [Issues](#Issues)
* [Pull Requests](#pull-requests)
* [Git workflow](#git-workflow)
* [Join the Project](#join-us)

## Code of Conduct

By participating and contributing to this project, you agree to uphold these rules:

- Give credit where credit is due
- Be respectful to all project participants

> - Follow the `Code of Conduct` from [contributor-covenant.org](https://www.contributor-covenant.org/version/1/4/code-of-conduct/)

Reviewer: The [Contributor Covenant](https://www.contributor-covenant.org/) is really cool! This is definitely something we should adhere to :+1:

### Issues

**Purpose**:
- Documenting critical issues, bugs, and other concerns
- Tracking topics/ questions that need to be researched
- For proposing new features, suggestions, or enhancements

### Pull Requests (PR)

**Guidelines**
- PRs must be associated with an issue
- PRs should only address ONE project related concern
- If PR is rejected, code reviewer must provide reason for rejection
- PRs must be reviewed and tested* (*unless the code is small enough to not require testing*)

>   - To test the code, code reviewer must pull the PR, run/test the application, and run unit tests (if any)

Reviewer: We will probably need to setup a testing framework, but we can keep this in for now.

> - Code reviewer should not do any fixes to the PR before letting the PR author do it themselves

Reviewer: Agreed!
